Remove deprecated component props (#3679)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/curvy-snakes-heal.md

---
"@sumup-oss/circuit-ui": major
---

> Removed the `menu` ARIA role from the `ActionMenu` component. The `role="menu"` pattern triggers screen reader "Application mode" which requires non-standard keystrokes that most users are unaware of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removed the `menu` ARIA role from the `ActionMenu` component. The `role="menu"` pattern is reserved for complex, desktop-like applications and is not appropriate for the ActionMenu component.
```
